<details>
    <summary>Solution instructions</summary>

In the [`client/index.js`](client/index.js) file, I allowed the user to input a name and a JSON object containing the proof (see for example [`normanBlockProof.json`](./normanBlockProof.json)). I then sent a POST request to the server with the name and the JSON object. The server then verified that the name was in the merkle root (which is hardcoded) and sent a response back to the client with the message.

To better understand how to do this, I also created two small scripts, one of them to generate a proof for a name and the other to retrieve the merkle root. These are [`makeProof.js`](utils/makeProof.js) and [`getRoot.js`](utils/getRoot.js) respectively.

Indeed, [`normanBlockProof.json`](./normanBlockProof.json) was generated by running `node utils/makeProof.js 'Norman Block'`. To verify that this proof is correct, you must launch the server and then run

```bash
node client/index.js 'Norman Block' normanBlockProof.json
```

If you want to verify another name, you must generate the respective proof and run the client with the appropriate arguments.

</details>

# Gift List

To get started with the repository, clone it and then run `npm install` in the top-level directory to install the depedencies.

There are three folders in this repository:

## Client

You can run the client from the top-level directory with `node client/index`. This file is a script which will send an HTTP request to the server.

Think of the client as the _prover_ here. It needs to prove to the server that some `name` is in the `MERKLE_ROOT` on the server. 

## Server

You can run the server from the top-level directory with `node server/index`. This file is an express server which will be hosted on port 1225 and respond to the client's request.

Think of the server as the _verifier_ here. It needs to verify that the `name` passed by the client is in the `MERKLE_ROOT`. If it is, then we can send the gift! 

## Utils

There are a few files in utils:

- The `niceList.json` which contains all the names of the people who deserve a gift this year (this is randomly generated, feel free to add yourself and others to this list!)
- The `example.js` script shows how we can generate a root, generate a proof and verify that some value is in the root using the proof. Try it out from the top-level folder with `node/example.js`
- The `MerkleTree.js` should look familiar from the Merkle Tree module! This one has been modified so you should not have to deal with any crypto type conversion. You can import this in your client/server
- The `verifyProof.js` should also look familiar. This was the last stage in the module. You can use this function to prove a name is in the merkle root, as show in the example.
